Fix description of awardCriteriaDetails (remove 'selection) #1071 (#1109)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

* [#1086](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1086) Recommend the use of strings rather than integers for identifiers.
* [#1094](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1094) Clarify the uniqueness of `Organization.id`

> * [#1109](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1109) Disambiguate the description of `Tender.awardCriteriaDetails`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1109](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1109) Remove "selection criteria" from the description of `Tender.awardCriteriaDetails`.
```
